docs/src/setup.md, before:

# Setup and Deployment

## Install via npm (recommended)

The fastest way to install a prebuilt binary is via npm:

```bash
npm install -g jwt-tester-tool
jwt-tester --help
```

If you want the CLI-only build, install the CLI package. It still exposes the
`jwt-tester` command and also provides a `jwt-tester-cli` alias:

```bash
npm install -g jwt-tester-cli
jwt-tester --help
jwt-tester-cli --help
```

Supported npm binaries: macOS (x64/arm64), Linux (x64/arm64), Windows (x64).

> Note: If you install both packages globally, the `jwt-tester` command points
> to the package installed last. Use `jwt-tester-cli` to force the CLI-only
> build or uninstall one of them.

## Local Development Setup

To build `jwt-tester` from source, you need a standard Rust environment and Node.js for the UI.

### Prerequisites

1.  **Rust**: Install via [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs).
2.  **Node.js**: Install Node.js 18+ and npm (for building the UI).
3.  **OS Dependencies**:
    *   **Linux**: `libsecret-1-dev`, `pkg-config` (required for `keyring` crate).
        ```bash
        sudo apt-get install pkg-config libsecret-1-dev
        ```
    *   **macOS/Windows**: Native keychain support is built-in.

### Building

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/jMerta/jwt-tester
    cd jwt-tester/jwt-tester-app
    ```

2.  **Build the project**:
    This will automatically build the UI assets (via `build.rs` triggering npm) and then compile the Rust binary.
    ```bash
    cargo build --release
    ```

3.  **Run**:
    ```bash
    ./target/release/jwt-tester --help
    ```

### CLI-Only Build

If you don't need the web UI or don't have Node.js installed, you can build the CLI-only version:

```bash
cargo build --release --no-default-features --features cli-only
```

## Docker Deployment

`jwt-tester` can run in a Docker container. This is useful for:
*   CI/CD pipelines.
*   Environments without local Rust/Node toolchains.
*   Isolated testing.

**Note:** The Docker image uses a file-based keychain backend because the container doesn't have access to the host OS keychain. When persistence is enabled, you must provide `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_PASSPHRASE`.

### Using the published image (GHCR)

```bash
# Pull the latest image
docker pull ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest

# Run the UI on port 3000 (persistent vault)
docker run --rm \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  -v $(pwd)/data:/data \
  -e JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_PASSPHRASE="change-me" \
  ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest

# Run without persistence (no passphrase required)
docker run --rm \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest --no-persist ui --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000 --allow-remote
```

### Running CLI commands via Docker

```bash
docker run --rm ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest --help
docker run --rm ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest inspect <TOKEN>
```

### Building the Image (local)

```bash
docker build -t jwt-tester -f jwt-tester-app/Dockerfile .
```

The Dockerfile uses a multi-stage build:
1.  `ui-builder`: Node.js image to build frontend assets.
2.  `builder`: Rust image to compile the binary.
3.  `final`: Slim Debian image with the binary and assets.

The published image is built for `linux/amd64` and `linux/arm64` and pushed to GHCR on each GitHub Release.

## Cross-Compilation

To cross-compile for other platforms (e.g., from Linux to Windows), usage of `cross` is recommended, though you must handle the `keyring` dependency carefully or disable the UI/keychain for specific targets if needed.

## Configuration

The application is primarily configured via CLI flags, but it respects:

*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_SERVICE`: Overrides the service name used in the OS keychain (default: `jwt-tester`).
*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_BACKEND`: `os` (default) or `file` (Docker-only).
*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_PASSPHRASE`: Required when using the file keychain backend.
*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_DIR`: Override the file keychain storage directory (defaults to `<data-dir>/keychain`).
*   `JWT_TESTER_DOCKER`: Set to `1` to allow the file keychain backend.
*   `JWT_TESTER_UI_ASSETS_DIR`: Point to external UI assets (skips embedded assets).
*   `JWT_TESTER_NPM`: Path to npm executable (for build scripts).

Commit message:

docs: add Docker troubleshooting notes

docs/src/setup.md, after:

# Setup and Deployment

## Install via npm (recommended)

The fastest way to install a prebuilt binary is via npm:

```bash
npm install -g jwt-tester-tool
jwt-tester --help
```

If you want the CLI-only build, install the CLI package. It still exposes the
`jwt-tester` command and also provides a `jwt-tester-cli` alias:

```bash
npm install -g jwt-tester-cli
jwt-tester --help
jwt-tester-cli --help
```

Supported npm binaries: macOS (x64/arm64), Linux (x64/arm64), Windows (x64).

> Note: If you install both packages globally, the `jwt-tester` command points
> to the package installed last. Use `jwt-tester-cli` to force the CLI-only
> build or uninstall one of them.

## Local Development Setup

To build `jwt-tester` from source, you need a standard Rust environment and Node.js for the UI.

### Prerequisites

1.  **Rust**: Install via [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs).
2.  **Node.js**: Install Node.js 18+ and npm (for building the UI).
3.  **OS Dependencies**:
    *   **Linux**: `libsecret-1-dev`, `pkg-config` (required for `keyring` crate).
        ```bash
        sudo apt-get install pkg-config libsecret-1-dev
        ```
    *   **macOS/Windows**: Native keychain support is built-in.

### Building

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/jMerta/jwt-tester
    cd jwt-tester/jwt-tester-app
    ```

2.  **Build the project**:
    This will automatically build the UI assets (via `build.rs` triggering npm) and then compile the Rust binary.
    ```bash
    cargo build --release
    ```

3.  **Run**:
    ```bash
    ./target/release/jwt-tester --help
    ```

### CLI-Only Build

If you don't need the web UI or don't have Node.js installed, you can build the CLI-only version:

```bash
cargo build --release --no-default-features --features cli-only
```

## Docker Deployment

`jwt-tester` can run in a Docker container. This is useful for:
*   CI/CD pipelines.
*   Environments without local Rust/Node toolchains.
*   Isolated testing.

**Note:** The Docker image uses a file-based keychain backend because the container doesn't have access to the host OS keychain. When persistence is enabled, you must provide `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_PASSPHRASE`.

### Using the published image (GHCR)

```bash
# Pull the latest image
docker pull ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest

# Run the UI on port 3000 (persistent vault)
docker run --rm \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  -v $(pwd)/data:/data \
  -e JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_PASSPHRASE="change-me" \
  ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest

# Run without persistence (no passphrase required)
docker run --rm \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest --no-persist ui --host 0.0.0.0 --port 3000 --allow-remote
```

### Running CLI commands via Docker

```bash
docker run --rm ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest --help
docker run --rm ghcr.io/jmerta/jwt-tester:latest inspect <TOKEN>
```

### Docker troubleshooting & tips

- **Passphrase required for persistence:** when `--no-persist` is not set, the file keychain backend is used and requires `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_PASSPHRASE`.
- **Data volume location:** the default data dir is `/data` (SQLite + file keychain under `/data/keychain`), so mount a volume there for persistence.
- **Expose UI on LAN:** the container runs `ui --host 0.0.0.0 --allow-remote`; only do this on trusted networks and consider firewalls.
- **Ephemeral runs:** use `--no-persist` to skip the passphrase and avoid writing any vault data to disk.

### Building the Image (local)

```bash
docker build -t jwt-tester -f jwt-tester-app/Dockerfile .
```

The Dockerfile uses a multi-stage build:
1.  `ui-builder`: Node.js image to build frontend assets.
2.  `builder`: Rust image to compile the binary.
3.  `final`: Slim Debian image with the binary and assets.

The published image is built for `linux/amd64` and `linux/arm64` and pushed to GHCR on each GitHub Release.

## Cross-Compilation

To cross-compile for other platforms (e.g., from Linux to Windows), usage of `cross` is recommended, though you must handle the `keyring` dependency carefully or disable the UI/keychain for specific targets if needed.

## Configuration

The application is primarily configured via CLI flags, but it respects:

*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_SERVICE`: Overrides the service name used in the OS keychain (default: `jwt-tester`).
*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_BACKEND`: `os` (default) or `file` (Docker-only).
*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_PASSPHRASE`: Required when using the file keychain backend.
*   `JWT_TESTER_KEYCHAIN_DIR`: Override the file keychain storage directory (defaults to `<data-dir>/keychain`).
*   `JWT_TESTER_DOCKER`: Set to `1` to allow the file keychain backend.
*   `JWT_TESTER_UI_ASSETS_DIR`: Point to external UI assets (skips embedded assets).
*   `JWT_TESTER_NPM`: Path to npm executable (for build scripts).
